Questions
1. **Invariants** (?).** What are two invariants of the state? (Hint: one is about aggregation/counts of items, and one relates requests and purchases).**
     One invariant is that the counts of items associated with a Request is greater than or equal to 0. Another invariant is that every set of Purchases is for the item associated with a Request. The second invariant is more important because the purpose of the concept is to "track purchases of requested gifts," but if the set of Purchases associated with a Request is for an item not associated with the Request, then one can't properly track the purchases of requested gifts. Though, the action "purchase" preserves the above invariant as the precondition requires the registry contains a request for the item with at least count and creates a new purchase specifically for that item.
2. **Fixing an action**. **Can you identify an action that potentially breaks this important invariant, and say how this might happen? How might this problem be fixed?**
   The "purchase" action can break the invariant that counts of items associated with a Request is greater than or equal to 0, as the precondition only requires that the registry has a request for the input item "with at least count". The input count could be negative, and if the counts of items associated with the request for the input item is 0, then the effect of "purchase" will decrement the count in request resulting in a negative count. To fix this problem, require that the input count into "purchase" is greater than or equal to 1.
3. **Inferring behavior**. **The operational principle describes the typical scenario in which the registry is opened and eventually closed. But a concept specification often allows other scenarios. By reading the specs of the concept actions, say whether a registry can be opened and closed repeatedly. What is a reason to allow this?**
   Based on "open" and "close" action specs, one can repeatedly open/close a registry, since if an existing reqistry started as inactive the preconditions of open are the postconditions of close and the preconditions of close the postconditions of open. There exists a good reason for this feature, namely a user, at some point, might not want people to buy their requested items in the registry so they close it for a time, and they open it when they want people to buy things for them again.
4. **Registry deletion**.** There is no action to delete a registry. Would this matter in practice?**
    Making the registry inactive is effectively "deleting" the registry in practice because no one, other than the owner of the registry, can see it or make purchases.
5. **Queries**.** What are two common queries likely to be executed against the concept state?**
     The registry owner would want to query the set of Purchases associated with a Request. A giver of a gift would want to query the set of Requests of a registry.
6. **Hiding purchases**. **A common feature of gift registries is to allow the recipient to choose not to see purchases so that an element of surprise is retained. How would you augment the concept specification to support this?**
   One can add "a visiblitiy Flag" to a "Request" so that when the flag is True, the recipient can see the purchases, and when it is false, the reciipient can't. Then, add two additional actions "makePurchasesVisible"/"makePurchasesHidden" which mirror how "open/close" work, but their input types is of type Request.
7. **Generic types**.** The User and Item types are specified as generic parameters. The Item type might be populated by SKU codes, for example. Explain why this is preferable to representing items with their names, descriptions, prices, etc.**
     Specifying User and Item types as generic parameters, identified with some unique code is more generalizable, in the sense it can be used to identify many different types of Users (organizations, individuals) and Items. Additionally, prices change for Items so a unique code will allow us to still identify some Item irrespective of its current price without additional changes.
   
   
   
