**Three Selected Problems:**
   Best account for me
   4. Finding good bank/investment accounts: People including me struggle to find a good bank/investment account that best fits my preferences, from wanting access to financial advisors, to wanting brick-and-mortar based institutions or not. Many tools that try to solve this problem require your SSN number. While that offers more personalization, it also isn't in the user's interest to do that, as the company collecting that data could seel it (probably not the SSN but what cards you viewed, etc..). Fewer tools don't require a SSN number but require a set number of preferences a user must tell them about. My solution could allow users to skip some preferences and have a larger set of preferences to set, such as lower interest rates, minimal fees, etc...
   Piggy bank
   6. Tracking saving for discretionary expenses: People including me don't usually think and act in terms of the medium-to-long term, so saving for that vacation, suit, or car is difficult and time-consuming. While there are apps that allow you to track savings for discretionary expenses such as Qapital, those apps offer many more features that this possibly useful solution might not be used as much, so I'll streamline the solution to specifically solve this problem. Additionally, Qapital has you set a target amount for a goal but I would offer an estimate which the user can change or keep.
   Track a good day's work
   8. Not knowing work/no work hours in a day: I sometimes don't understand why I don't get as much work done as I want to. Whether it's my speed or how long I've been working or not, I seldom know. I suspect many others might have the same problem and the upside to providing a clearer picture to me and others would either convict us into spending less time on social media or speed up our work, and lessen the shame that comes with feeling like you've not been productive.
